I didn't see it with my own eyes
Water is water, and everyone must make their own judgment
It's either what you say with your face or what you believe
What do you mean just heard?
I still have the video from that year.
Who wants to say that I will show it to everyone for free?
Hey, isn't that right?
Then why do you keep defending this little bitch?
Are you?
Are you sure you slept with him too?
Hey, hey, you don't sleep, I'm shooting people
The two of you are suspected of making a fuss and slandering others
Come with me, please.
What slander
You arrest people indiscriminately, and I won't sue you for slander?
It's Mr. Police
This phone has their husband and wife channel in it.
And abuse
What's wrong with me?
It is our own family who are insulted.
What's wrong with others?
My affair is no longer the affair of the past
You're still the same. You haven't made any progress
They don't deserve to be my opponent
You little bitch, I'm waiting for you
Miss Si, you are predictable
It's not what I expected
It's them who can't stop eating shit
Now they need at least a few kilometers.
5 days is too cheap for them.
Give you the evidence I gave you earlier
Bring it all up
I want everyone who framed me back then
Get the punishment they deserve
Ok, I'll do it right now
Thanks
grandma
I'm angry with you, why didn't I accompany you?
He is busy with work
Come come
Come with me to Xiangxiang City to see him
Xiangxiang's medical conditions are better
Let's deceive grandma first and then explain
Look at grandma's body
Grandma, don't you want to see your grandson-in-law?
I have so much to tell him
I'm afraid he won't want to do it for you old lady
Grandma Dong, you are an elder.
If he dares not listen to you, I will go back and deal with him
What should I say then?
Hangjiang, who wants to get a divorce, is cooperating with me to act
It seems that you have a good position in the field of expertise
high good